Enrollment consultation is an important part of the admissions work, enrollment consultation can allow students to understand professional characteristics, admissions policies, while universities can also be the first time to gain the distribution of scores and other important relevant information. However, due to the current lack of effective electronic applications of support, causing a large workload of teachers, information lagging, inaccurate, inconsistent propaganda caliber and other problems, which seriously affecting the efficiency of the admissions advisory work. In this paper, through the implementation of enrollment consultation system in Python client subsystem, for enrollment consultation to provide electronic aids to help teachers improve the efficiency of enrollment consultation work.

This is an admissions consulting system using B/S development model, Django development framework, MySQL as management system of all kinds of data, using IIS services for deployment, the programming language are python to achieve system back-end logic and html, JavaScript, CSS to achieve the front-end. This paper focuses on a series of software development processes from requirements analysis, overall design, detailed design, system implementation, and system testing, also provides a complete description of the system from design to implementation and process diagram.

The system is now able to complete the storage of information collected from the candidates at the enrollment consultation site. The data is aggregated in a database through a network transmission. The aggregated data can be presented to the head of the provincial admissions team and the staff of the admissions office. The algorithmic analysis of the score line and ranking relationship prediction and admission score line prediction can be used as the basis for the head of the admissions team to determine the propaganda caliber. In addition, the system can display enrollment consultation’s materials to help teachers in the field to exhibit; admissions team leaders and staffs in admissions office can manage the data in the system according to permissions.

